DOCS-5000 Java Module update (#371)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/java/java-invoke-method.adoc

> [IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: Review the style reference entry for "Important" notice.

====
The classes used with the Java Module must be exported unless they belong 

> to the default package. If not, execution fails with a JAVA:CLASS_NOT_FOUND error. See xref:4.2@mule-runtime::how-to-export-resources.adoc[how to export resources].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the default package: otherwise, execution fails with a JAVA:CLASS_NOT_FOUND error. See xref:4.2@mule-runtime::how-to-export-resources.adoc[How to Export Resources].
```

`constructor="Person(java.lang.Double, java.lang.Integer)"`. This is not needed, but it can

> be useful to add more clarity in the code or in the case there are clashing class names in the Java code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be useful to add more clarity in the code, especially if the Java code contains clashing class names.
```
Is "clashing" better than "inconsistent" or "conflicting"?

> In Studio, the Java Module supports DataSense for the `invoke` operation, which provides metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Anypoint Studio, the Java Module supports DataSense for the `invoke` operation, which provides metadata
```

for both the input arguments and the output value. 

> In the example, DataSense discovers that `calculateTax` returns a `Number`, so 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, DataSense discovers that `calculateTax` returns a `Number` value, so 
```

image::java/java-module-ex.png[Java module example]

> This example sets up two flows in a Mule app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example task sets up two flows in a Mule app:
```

> . Write a small Java package: `com.examples`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Write a small Java package: `com.examples`.
```

. Write two simple Java classes that contain instance methods: `Hello.java` and

> `Add.java`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Add.java`.
```

> . Use the Maven compiler plugin to compile the classes in a way that allows for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Use the Apache Maven compiler plug-in to compile the classes in a way that allows for
```

the use of named parameters in your configurations, instead of `arg0`, `arg1`,
and so on.
. Use the *New* operation in the Java Module to instantiate the `Hello` and `Add`
objects and to access named parameters in the instance methods.
. Use the *Invoke* operation in the Java Module to invoke the `hello()` and
`add(3,4)` instance methods.
. Run the Mule app to execute the *New* and *Invoke* operations in Studio.

> Assume that you want to invoke methods in two simple Java classes, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume that you want to invoke methods in two simple Java classes:
```

. In Studio, select *File* > *New* > *Project*, provide a project
name (`javaexamples`), and click *Finish*.

> . Create a Java package for your classes by right clicking your Mule 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a Java package for your classes by right-clicking your Mule 
```

. Add the Java code for the `Hello` and `Add` classes to your new `com.examples`

> package by right clicking your new `com.examples` package in Studio, and select *New* > *Class*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
package by right-clicking your new `com.examples` package in Studio, and select *New* > *Class*.
```
You should install and use Grammarly to check your files.

> . Type the *Name* `Hello.java` for the `Hello` class, and click *Finish*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Type the *Name* value `Hello.java` for the `Hello` class, and click *Finish*.
```
or
```suggestion
. Type the name `Hello.java` for the `Hello` class, and click *Finish*.
```

----
+
. Click the *javaexamples* tab in Studio to return to your Mule app, and set
up a flow for the `Hello` class and the `hello()` method:
.. In *javaexamples*, provide a trigger for the flow by dragging a *Scheduler*
component into the Studio canvas.
+
Optional: You can also set the *Scheduler* frequency to a value other

> than the default, for example, *Frequency* to `10` and *Time unit* to `SECONDS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
than the default: for example, *Frequency* to `10` and *Time unit* to `SECONDS`.
```

+
.. If the Java Module is not already available in your Mule palette, click

> *Add Module*, and drag the Java Module into the left column of the palette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Add Module* and drag the Java Module into the left column of the palette.
```

.. Click the Java Module, place its *New* operation to the right of the

> Scheduler in the flow, and then double-click and configure the operation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scheduler in the flow, and then double-click and configure the operation:
```

Reviewer: Per online search, lowercase "scheduler" in Java:

https://www.google.com/search?q=what+is+a+scheduler+in+java&oq=what+is+a+scheduler&aqs=chrome.4.69i57j0l5.9044j1j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

Author: Scheduler is the name of a Studio component. It's not a Java item.

+
Do not click *fx* for the *Method* setting.
+

> .. Continue with the *New* operation and click the *Advanced* configuration link, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Continue with the *New* operation, click the *Advanced* configuration link, and
```

> set the *Output* to a target variable that stores the payload of the Invoke operation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set the *Output* value to a target variable that stores the payload of the Invoke operation:
```
